README.md, before:

# Work Reporting Web Application

A web application that helps freelancers track completed work and generate monthly work reports.

## Overview

This application enables freelancers to:
- Define companies they work for
- Define work activities with hourly rates
- Log worked hours by company and month
- Generate structured monthly work reports based on predefined templates
- Export reports as PDF documents

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **HTML, CSS, JavaScript** - Vanilla JavaScript (no frameworks)
- **Vite** - Build tool and development server
- **Bootstrap 5** - UI framework for responsive design

### Backend
- **Supabase Database** - PostgreSQL database with all application data
- **Supabase Auth** - Authentication (registration, login, logout)
- **Supabase Storage** - File storage for generated PDF reports
- **Supabase RLS** - Row Level Security for data access control

### PDF Generation
- **pdfmake** - Client-side PDF generation library

## Project Structure

```
FreelancerReport/
├── .github/
│   └── copilot-instructions.md
├── docs/
│   ├── database-schema.md
│   └── api-services.md
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── components/                # HTML fragment components (header/footer/etc.)
│   ├── config/                    # Supabase client setup
│   ├── core/                      # Shell + component loading
│   ├── pages/                     # Page implementations (HTML/CSS/JS)
│   ├── services/                  # All Supabase interactions
│   ├── styles/
│   └── utils/
├── admin-dashboard/index.html     # /admin-dashboard (clean URL entrypoint)
├── admin-users/index.html         # /admin-users (clean URL entrypoint)
├── activities/index.html          # /activities (clean URL entrypoint)
├── companies/index.html           # /companies (clean URL entrypoint)
├── dashboard/index.html           # /dashboard (clean URL entrypoint)
├── login/index.html               # /login (clean URL entrypoint)
├── profile/index.html             # /profile (clean URL entrypoint)
├── register/index.html            # /register (clean URL entrypoint)
├── reports/index.html             # /reports (clean URL entrypoint)
├── work-entry/index.html          # /work-entry (clean URL entrypoint)
├── index.html                     # Landing page
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
└── .env.example
```

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Configure Supabase

1. Create a Supabase project at https://supabase.com
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
3. Add your Supabase credentials to `.env`:
   ```
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   ```

### 3. Run Database Migrations

```bash
# If using Supabase CLI locally
supabase start
supabase db reset

# Or run migrations directly in Supabase Studio SQL editor
```

Execute migration scripts from `supabase/migrations/` in order.

### 4. Seed Report Templates

Run the seed script from `supabase/seed/templates.sql` in Supabase Studio SQL editor.

### 5. Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will open at http://localhost:3000

## User Roles

### Freelancer (Default)
- Manage own companies, activities, and work entries
- Generate and download work reports
- View and edit profile

### Admin
- All Freelancer capabilities
- Manage all users (create, edit, delete)
- Access all data across all users
- Operate on behalf of any freelancer using user selector dropdown

## Key Features

### Admin Impersonation
Admin users can select any freelancer from a dropdown at the top of admin pages. All operations will be performed on behalf of the selected user.

### PDF Report Generation
Reports can be:
- **Downloaded immediately** - Generate and download without saving
- **Saved to storage** - Upload to Supabase Storage for later access

### Work Entry Management
- One work entry per activity per company per month
- Automatic calculation of totals based on hours × hourly rate
- Easy editing and updating of monthly work data

## Architecture Decisions

See [.github/copilot-instructions.md](.github/copilot-instructions.md) for detailed architecture and coding conventions.

## Database Schema

See [docs/database-schema.md](docs/database-schema.md) for complete database design and relationships.

## API Services

See [docs/api-services.md](docs/api-services.md) for service layer architecture and patterns.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Delete duplicated HTMLs. Update README.md to clarify page module structure and HTML entry points

README.md, after:

# Work Reporting Web Application

A web application that helps freelancers track completed work and generate monthly work reports.

## Overview

This application enables freelancers to:
- Define companies they work for
- Define work activities with hourly rates
- Log worked hours by company and month
- Generate structured monthly work reports based on predefined templates
- Export reports as PDF documents

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **HTML, CSS, JavaScript** - Vanilla JavaScript (no frameworks)
- **Vite** - Build tool and development server
- **Bootstrap 5** - UI framework for responsive design

### Backend
- **Supabase Database** - PostgreSQL database with all application data
- **Supabase Auth** - Authentication (registration, login, logout)
- **Supabase Storage** - File storage for generated PDF reports
- **Supabase RLS** - Row Level Security for data access control

### PDF Generation
- **pdfmake** - Client-side PDF generation library

## Project Structure

```
FreelancerReport/
├── .github/
│   └── copilot-instructions.md
├── docs/
│   ├── database-schema.md
│   └── api-services.md
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── components/                # HTML fragment components (header/footer/etc.)
│   ├── config/                    # Supabase client setup
│   ├── core/                      # Shell + component loading
│   ├── pages/                     # Page modules (JS/CSS only)
│   ├── services/                  # All Supabase interactions
│   ├── styles/
│   └── utils/
├── admin-dashboard/index.html     # /admin-dashboard (clean URL entrypoint)
├── admin-users/index.html         # /admin-users (clean URL entrypoint)
├── activities/index.html          # /activities (clean URL entrypoint)
├── companies/index.html           # /companies (clean URL entrypoint)
├── dashboard/index.html           # /dashboard (clean URL entrypoint)
├── login/index.html               # /login (clean URL entrypoint)
├── profile/index.html             # /profile (clean URL entrypoint)
├── register/index.html            # /register (clean URL entrypoint)
├── reports/index.html             # /reports (clean URL entrypoint)
├── work-entry/index.html          # /work-entry (clean URL entrypoint)
├── index.html                     # Landing page
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
└── .env.example
```

### HTML Entrypoints (Important)

- Route HTML entry files are only the top-level `*/index.html` files (for example `companies/index.html`, `reports/index.html`, `login/index.html`).
- Files under `src/pages/` are for page JavaScript and styles, not standalone HTML entry files.
- Do not add duplicate page HTML under `src/pages/**`; Vite routing/build is configured to use top-level route folders.

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Configure Supabase

1. Create a Supabase project at https://supabase.com
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
3. Add your Supabase credentials to `.env`:
   ```
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   ```

### 3. Run Database Migrations

```bash
# If using Supabase CLI locally
supabase start
supabase db reset

# Or run migrations directly in Supabase Studio SQL editor
```

Execute migration scripts from `supabase/migrations/` in order.

### 4. Seed Report Templates

Run the seed script from `supabase/seed/templates.sql` in Supabase Studio SQL editor.

### 5. Start Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will open at http://localhost:3000

## User Roles

### Freelancer (Default)
- Manage own companies, activities, and work entries
- Generate and download work reports
- View and edit profile

### Admin
- All Freelancer capabilities
- Manage all users (create, edit, delete)
- Access all data across all users
- Operate on behalf of any freelancer using user selector dropdown

## Key Features

### Admin Impersonation
Admin users can select any freelancer from a dropdown at the top of admin pages. All operations will be performed on behalf of the selected user.

### PDF Report Generation
Reports can be:
- **Downloaded immediately** - Generate and download without saving
- **Saved to storage** - Upload to Supabase Storage for later access

### Work Entry Management
- One work entry per activity per company per month
- Automatic calculation of totals based on hours × hourly rate
- Easy editing and updating of monthly work data

## Architecture Decisions

See [.github/copilot-instructions.md](.github/copilot-instructions.md) for detailed architecture and coding conventions.

## Database Schema

See [docs/database-schema.md](docs/database-schema.md) for complete database design and relationships.

## API Services

See [docs/api-services.md](docs/api-services.md) for service layer architecture and patterns.

## License

MIT
